.TH voa3DPlot 1 "FEV 2024" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
voa3DPlot \- Plot the contents of VOACAP output files in a 3D format
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B voa3DPlot [options] file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B voa3DPlot
A python script used to graphically display the contents of output files produced by VOACAP.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP --version
Shows program version number and exit.
.IP "-h, --help"
Shows a help message and exit.
.IP "-b band, --band=band"
Displays a band plan indicated by 'band', an integer value from 1 to 3 (1:SWL, 2:UK AMATEUR BANDS and 3:KSA AMATEUR BANDS).
.IP "-f max_frequency, --freqmax=max_frequency"
Specifies the maximum frequency (MHz) to display on the Y axis.
.IP "-g group, --group=group"
Specifies the group(s) within a file containing multiple groups to plot.  Multiple groups must be separated by commas, e.g. '-g 1,3,4' (default = 1).
.IP "-l 'label', --label='label'"
Specifies the text label to be printed as a main title at the top of the plot.
.IP "-m colourmap, --cmap=colourmap"
Specifies the colourmap to use. Supported colour maps are 'autumn', 'bone', 'cool', 'copper',', 'hot', 'hsv', 'jet', 'pink', 'spring', 'summer', 'winter' (default = 'jet').
.IP "-o outputfile, --outfile=outputfile"
Used to specify an output file to save the plot to.
.IP "-q, --quiet"
Process quietly, don't produce a graph on the screen.  This only makes sense when used in conjunction with the -o option.
.IP "-t type, --datatype=type"
Specifies the type of image to plot.  Supported image types are 0:None 1:MUFday 2:REL 3:SNR 4:S DBW (default = 1).
.IP "-z timezone, --timezone=timezone"
Specifies the timezone to shift the plots to.
.SH AUTHORS
This program was written by James Watson (M0DNS) <jimwatson at mac dot com>.

This manual page was written by David da Silva Polverari <polverari@debian.org>
for the Debian Project (but may be used by others).
