.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii voaAreaPlot.1
.\"
.TH voaAreaPlot 1 "Nov 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
voaAreaPlot \- Plot VOACAP Area Data Files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B voaAreaPlot [options] fileName.voa
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B voaAreaPlot
A python script used to graphically display the contents of output files produced by VOACAP 'area' calculations. 'fileName.voa' is the path to the .voa input file.  The corresponding output file (with the .vg1 extension) must be located in the same directory as the .voa file.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--version"
Display the version number and exit.
.IP "-c, --contours"
Plot contours on the map.
.IP "-d DATATYPE, --datatype=DATATYPE"
An integer number representing the data type (MUF, REL or SNR) to plot. Valid values of DATATYPE are 1 (MUF), 2 (REL), 3 (SNR) 4 (SNRxx), 5 (SDBW) and 6 (SDBW - formatted as S-Meter values).  Default value is 1 (MUF)
.IP "-h, --help"
Print a help message and exit.
.IP "-i, --meridian"
Plot meridians (lines of constant latitude) on the map..
.IP "-k, --background"
Specify the colour of the background. Any legal HTML color specification is supported e.g '-k red', '-k #eeefff', (default = white)
.IP "-l, --parallels (lines of constant longitude) on the map."
Plot parallels.
.IP "-m COLOURMAP, --cmap=COLOURMAP"
COLOURMAP specifies the Colour map used by the plot.  Valid values are; 'autumn', 'bone', 'cool','copper', 'gray', 'hot', 'hsv', 'jet', 'pink', 'spring', 'summer', 'winter'.  Default value is 'jet'
.IP "-n POI_FILE, --interest=POI_FILE"
POI_FILE is a text file with points of interest to plot on the map.  The file is comma (,) delimited with a single point of interest on each line in the form "longitude, latitude, text_name". The file format is the same as Garmin's POI csv files.  A sample file would look like;
.br
36.599998, 28.366667, Tabuk
.br
39.183334, 21.700001, Jeddah
.br
42.799999, 18.299999, Khamis Mushait
.br
40.549999, 21.483334, Taif
.br
50.150002, 26.266666, Dahran
.IP "-r RESOLUTION, --resolution=RESOLUTION"
A single character that specifies the resolution to plot with.  May be one of 'c' (crude), 'l' (low), 'i' (intermediate), 'h' (high), 'f' (full).  Default is 'c' (crude).
.IP "-v VG_FILES, --vg_files=VG_FILES"
VG_FILES specifies which .vg files to plot, e.g. '-v 1,3,5,6' or use '-v a' to print all plots associated with the input file.  Default is 1.
.IP "-p PROJECTION, --projection=PROJECTION"
PROJECTION specifies the map projection.  Valid values are 'cyl' = Cylindrical Equidistant (default), 'mill' = Miller Cylindrical, 'sinu' = Sinusoidal, 'ortho' = Orthographic, 'eqdc' = Equidistant Conic, 'robin' = Robinson, 'moll' = Mollweide & 'tmerc' = Transverse Mercator.
.IP "-r RESOLUTION, --resolution=RESOLUTION"
A single character representing resolution of the final plot.  RESOLUTION may be one of 'c' (crude), 'l' (low), 'i' (intermediate), 'h' (high), 'f' (full)
.IP "-t, --terminator"
Displays the night/day regions on the map.
.IP "-v VG_FILES, --vg_files=VG_FILES"
Specify which vg_files to plot.
.IP "-z TIMEZONE, --timezone=TIMEZONE"
Specify a timezone.  This option adjusts the (UTC) time specified in the datafile to the users local time.

.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "voaAreaPlot aDataFile.voa"
Plots the contents of the file aDataFile.voa using default settings.
.IP "voaAreaPlot -r i -p mill aDataFile.voa"
Plots an intermediate resolution miller projection.
.IP "voaAreaPlot -m autumn -p ortho aDataFile.voa"
Plots an orthographic projection using the colour map 'autumn'.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
voaAreaPlot does not require or make use of any environmental variables.   The program requires the matlibplot library and basemap toolkit to run.
.SH BUGS
Strange things happen when trying to plot a greyline over anything but the default projection.  Please submit .voa and .vg* files when submitting bug reports.
.SH AUTHOR
This program was written by James Watson (M0DNS / HZ1JW) <jimwatson at mac dot com>

.SH ACKNOLEDGMENTS
I'm indebted to the authors of matplotlib and the basemap toolkit whaich make plotting complex data sets straight forward and fun :-) Also to Lowell and Alex for beta testing and support.
